On posting limits:

One of the premises of the project is that we will have a sizeable anonimity set. Of course, if we are going to retweet every message sent
to a supernode, we are going to hit the limits imposed by twitter. According to them, you can make 15 post requests every 15 minutes on each user.
With 5000 supernodes, and allowing Twistor users to post a message every hour, this gives an anonimity set of about 300,000. Of course, allowing
for more messages reduced the anonimity set and vice versa.





On using the Search API:

It is not entirely clear how Twitter manages their search API. According to them, they can filter out "low-quality tweets", which roughly translates
to tweets from people with a low amount of followers and followees. The search API allows for 180 GET requests every 15 minutes. This could be useful
if we intend to use hashtagging twists, but again, it won't get all the tweets.





On using supernodes vs. streaming directly (Note: the following talks about tweets getting 'lost'. It is unclear if the lost tweets would
eventually get streamed, but in the tests, it wasn't the case, although they weren't alive for longer than 10 or 15 minutes):

Why do we even need supernodes? It would seem like using hashtags (e.g. #twistormsg) and posting directly from the user accountinstead of 
posting to a supernode and retweeting may be better, both in terms of twitter limits and in performance. Unfortunately, it seems like the
streaming API isn't very good at catching posts based on hashtags. I did some testing and out of every packet of tweets, for 5 or more tweets,
at least one usually gets lost. The problem seems to get worse the more tweets are posted. For example: for a package of about 50 tweets, one test
only had 28 of them streamed. For 30 tweets, 20 were streamed correctly, and for 10, 8 were streamed correctly. Sometimes, even groups of 4 
could have one get lost. It seems like it gets better when we spread the tweets amongst many users. With 3 users each posting 4 tweets, the worst case
had 1 lost tweet. However, it may be the case that users want to send a message to several people. If we separate these tweets with time intervals,
it could be the case that they all get through, but this relies on the stream working perfectly for multiple users sending one tweet (further testing
required for this).
On the other hand, when the streaming is done only to the user's feed (or the user's followees), it seems to be in better condition. For a group of 50 tweets,
the stream seemed to acknowledge all 50 of them. Again, further testing is required for confirmation on this. 